DISPLAY: FLEX;

justify-content: This CSS property aligns items horizontally.

1- flex-start: Items align to the left side of the container;
2- flex-end: Items align to the right side of the container;
3- center: Items align at the center of the container;
4- space-between: Items display with equal spacing between them;
5- space-around: Items display with equal spacing around them.

align-items: This CSS property aligns items vertically.

1- flex-start: Items align to the top of the container;
2- flex-end: Items align to the bottom of the container;
3- center: Items align at the vertical center of the container;
4- baseline: Items display at the baseline of the container;
5- stretch: Items are stretched to fit the container.

flex-direction: This CSS property defines the direction items are placed in the container.

1- row: Items are placed the same as the text direction;
2- row-reverse: Items are placed opposite to the text direction;
3- column: Items are placed top to bottom;
4- column-reverse: Items are placed bottom to top.

order: property to individual items. By default, items have a value of 0, but we can use this property to also set it to a positive or negative integer value (-2, -1, 0, 1, 2).

align-self: This property accepts the same values as align-items and its value for the specific item.

flex-wrap:

1- nowrap: Every item is fit to a single line;
2- wrap: Items wrap around to additional lines;
3- wrap-reverse: Items wrap around to additional lines in reverse.

flex-flow: shorthand to flex-wrap and flex-direction, flex-flow: row wrap; to set rows and wrap them.

align-content: set how multiple lines are spaced apart from each other.

1- flex-start: Lines are packed at the top of the container.
2- flex-end: Lines are packed at the bottom of the container.
3- center: Lines are packed at the vertical center of the container.
4- space-between: Lines display with equal spacing between them.
5- space-around: Lines display with equal spacing around them.
6- stretch: Lines are stretched to fit the container.

(This can be confusing, but align-content determines the spacing between lines, while align-items determines how the items as a whole are aligned within the container. When there is only one line, align-content has no effect.)